Reorganize Director tests (#604)
kyma-incubator/compass: tests/director-tests/auth-related-tests/README.md

> #  Director auth tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#  Director authentication tests
```

> Compass end to end test scenario consists of the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Director authentication test scenario consists of the following steps:
```

> - Get a Dex token, register the Integration System using this token, and request client credentials for the IntegrationSystem

Reviewer: No changes in the steps below?
